Squad leader Chen Feng
I didn't expect to meet you here
I just heard about my aunt's situation.
Auntie is still in the hospital
It should be an excuse for money
Xiao Liu helped me withdraw 10,000 yuan to Mr. Chen
You are not the monitor, I am not a human being
They're all old classmates
Your family is also in a hurry to accept it with money.
My ability is limited
I can only help you here.
Thank you, thank you, monitor
I will definitely repay you well.
wife
Hey, you said that Brazil is playing France.
Just the Brazilian lineup
Ronaldo
Rivaldo
Carlos Carver is one of the best players in the world
How do you think a Brazilian team like this lost?
France has reached the final for the first time
Four Star Brazil Plaza
This time Brazil is definitely the defending champion
Hahaha boss
I buy 100 yuan Brazilian camp boss
Marcy 2:0 hahaha
In fact, I also bought Brazil 3:0.
Hahaha has a good eye.
Boss, I buy France to win
3:0 Brazil Hahaha
Where did the fool come from?
France 3:0 Brazil
I'm afraid you bought it upside down.
That guy?
Well, what if you haven't played football?
I advise you not to play
Boss, I want to buy French 3A.
8 series line line line line
How many dollars did you buy?